This page explains the Python-AD installation.

== Prerequisites ==

Python-AD depends on the following software packages. These must be installed before Python-AD can be installed or used.

 * [http://www.python.org/ Python] >= 2.2.
 * [http://python-ldap.sourceforge.net/ Python-LDAP] >= ''unknown''
   * Support for paged results is required.
   * Ensure your OpenLDAP installation has support for SASL/GSSAPI. On Red Hat based distributions this means you need to install the `cyrus-sasl-gssapi` package.
 * [http://www.dnspython.org/ dnspython] >= ''unknown''. Used for looking up DNS SRV records.
 * [http://www.dabeaz.com/ply/ PLY] >= ''unknown''. PLY is used for parsing LDAP search filters.
 * [http://web.mit.edu/Kerberos/ MIT Kerberos] >= 1.3
   * Version 1.6 or higher, which implements [http://krbdev.mit.edu/rt/Ticket/Display.html?user=guest&pass=guest&id=2652 server-side canonicalisation], is greatly recommended.
 * [http://code.google.com/p/python-nose/ Nose] is used for running the unit tests.

== Installation ==

Because Python-AD uses distutils, installation is easy:

{{{
$ python setup.py build
$ python setup.py install
}}}

== Testing ==

Python-AD comes with an extensive test suite. To run the tests, you first need the `py.test` tool from the [http://codespeak.net/py/dist/download.html py library]. Follow the steps below to run the tests:

{{{
$ cp test.conf.example test.conf
$ vi test.conf
$ eval `python env.py`
$ python setup.py test
}}}

The file `test.conf` contains the test configuration. A lot of options are available for e.g. testing Python-AD against a real Active Directory. Please see inside this file for help on how to enable these tests.